fix memory leak and use ref not omp in device test (#731)
ginkgo-project/ginkgo: INSTALL.md

    2. `ld` issue (If building Ginkgo as static library, this is not needed)
      * `cmake -DGINKGO_COMPILER_FLAGS="-Wpedantic -O1" <other parameters> <source_folder>` (`GINKGO_COMPILER_FLAGS` is `-Wpedantic` by default)
      * add `-O1` in the environement variable `CXX_FLAGS` or `CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS`
* Possible issue when switching static/shared of Ginkgo with MSVC in the same build directory:\

>   If occurs mixing MD or MT runtime library issue when enable `GINKGO_BUILD_BENCHMARKS`, it means the third-party flags are not updated correctly.
>   Need to turn off `GINKGO_SKIP_DEPENDENCY_UPDATE` (`-DGINKGO_SKIP_DEPENDENCY_UPDATE=OFF`) to update the third-party flags.

Reviewer: Wording
```suggestion
  If an issue occurs when mixing MD or MT runtime library issue and enabling `GINKGO_BUILD_BENCHMARKS`, it means the third-party flags are not updated correctly.
  To update the third party flags, turn off `GINKGO_SKIP_DEPENDENCY_UPDATE` (`-DGINKGO_SKIP_DEPENDENCY_UPDATE=OFF`).
```
